DOCS-7202 added content (#201)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/custom-policy-examples.adoc

= Custom Policy Examples
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> To better understand how to develop and implement custom policies for various events and scenarios, the following examples are provided:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To better understand how to develop and implement custom policies for various events and scenarios, see the following examples:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

* xref:custom-response-policy-example.adoc[Response Policy]

> * xref:custom-response-policy-example.adoc[Set Authentication Event]

Reviewer: Shouldn't the titles given in the xref text match the actual title used in the narrative?

Author: Done! Thanks!
